#summary Welcome to XMLArsenal
#labels Featured

*Contents*
<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />
----

= *Welcome* =

Welcome to the Project-Wiki/Homepage of XMLArsenal. 
It's currently maintained only be me, if you want to help please email me for an account.


Though I'm German I will write the Wiki in English for in this way a lot people more may benefit from the information. Every one contributing here please do the same. 

Please do *NOT* use this wiki for bug reporting, spam, feature requests etc. Use the appropriate tools from the project page instead.


= Preliminary Warning =

Please note that XMLArsenal is beta software. So *it's neither feature-complete nor bug-free*. It should not damage your system or data in any way but there is no guarantee on that, so please *back up your data* before using the software. 
Since everything you see has a beta status the core may change during times, even that much that it is necessary to re-program data grabbers or tools that use outputted xml.


= Live Version =

XMLArsenal is developed for [http://rising-gods.de rising-gods.de], one of the best german free-shared servers for World of Warcraft. We currently have 4k+ players online in the afternoon hours on 2 realms (PvP and PvE). Database language support is for german and english client, server-population though is >90% german. 

A Live Version of XMLArsenal can be seen at [http://arsenal.rising-gods.de/ http://arsenal.rising-gods.de/].


= Support =

Use the Issue-Tracker or email me: amras-taralom`[at]`streber24.de


= Getting started =

 * [About What is XMLArsenal?]
 * [Prerequisites]
 * [Installation]
 * [Config] and [GrabberConfig configuration of DataGrabbers]
 * [SQLStructure SQL of the arsenal database]


= For advanced users / developers =

 * [DBStructure Database Structure]
 * [Customization Customizing serveral things]
 * [arsenaldata_sqlite3 arsenaldata.sqlite3]
 * [PHPDBC PHP DBC-Parser]
 * [Supporting How to support XMLArsenal]